Update guest-accounts.rst (#3931)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment/guest-accounts.rst

.. _guest-accounts:

Guest Accounts (Beta) (E10/E20)
================================

Available in `Enterprise Edition E10 and higher <https://about.mattermost.com/pricing/>`__.

> The Guest Account feature provides organizations with a way to collaborate with individuals (such as vendors and contractors) outside of their organization by controlling their access to channels and team members. For example, Guest Accounts can be used to collaborate with customers on a support issue or work on a website project with resources from an external design firm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Guest Account feature provides organizations a way to collaborate with individuals (such as vendors and contractors) outside of their organization by controlling their access to channels and team members. For example, Guest Accounts can be used to collaborate with customers on a support issue or work on a website project with resources from an external design firm.
```

Author: How about "Guest Accounts are a way to collaborate..."?

Reviewer 2: @justinegeffen I like the suggestion

> The Guest Account feature provides organizations with a way to collaborate with individuals (such as vendors and contractors) outside of their organization by controlling their access to channels and team members. For example, Guest Accounts can be used to collaborate with customers on a support issue or work on a website project with resources from an external design firm.

Author: ```suggestion
Guest Accounts are a way to collaborate with individuals (such as vendors and contractors) outside of your organization by controlling their access to channels and team members. For example, Guest Accounts can be used to collaborate with customers on a support issue or work on a website project with resources from an external design firm.
```

---------------------

Guests can access the Mattermost server via email invitation, and be authenticated using AD/LDAP or SAML 2.0.

Before you proceed, ensure that the authentication method you wish to use is correctly configured on your server and enabled in Mattermost. For configuration steps and technical documentation, see `Active Directory/LDAP Setup <https://docs.mattermost.com/deployment/sso-ldap.html>`_ and `SAML Single-Sign-On <https://docs.mattermost.com/deployment/sso-saml.html>`_.

> Converting a member user to a guest will not change the channels they are in; however they will be restricted from discovering additional channels and unable to Direct Message/Group Message users outside of the channels they are in. They can be added to channels by System Admins and other roles that have the correct permissions to invite guests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converting a member user to a guest will not change the channels they are in. However, they will be restricted from discovering additional channels and are unable to Direct Message/Group Message users outside of the channels they are in. They can be added to channels by System Admins and other roles that have the correct permissions to invite guests.
```
